welcome back to film on
today i'm going to explain the movie
called the untamed from 2016. spoilers
ahead watch out and take care and i hope
you enjoy it
at the beginning of the movie we saw a
meteor and it was coming towards earth
after that we saw a girl named veronica
she was in a room and a creature was
having sex with her with his tentacles
but then we heard the voice of a woman
she was calling veronica to come outside
actually this was the home of a couple
when the woman went to the room the
woman was not there and there was blood
on the bed the creature had injured
veronica with its tentacles
therefore veronica was bleeding
she went to the hospital with her bike
where a nurse named fabian did her
treatment fabian asked her which animal
bit her
veronica didn't say anything and left
after that we saw her sister
her name was ali she was not so happy
with her marriage and her husband
her husband's name was angel and he was
unable to satisfy her
they had two kids
at night angel went to a club
fabian was also there
they met each other and then they had
sex
and we found out that angel was in a
relationship with his wife's brother and
his wife had no idea about it
the next morning veronica went to the
hospital for a checkup
fabian did her dressing
veronica asked fabian if he'd like sex
fabian told her that everyone liked sex
after hearing this veronica became
friends of fabian
on the other hand the old couple was so
worried about veronica
they were scientists and they were
researching that creature and the
creature lives in their house
at night veronica came there to meet
them and then she told them about fabian
they planned to make fabian have sex
with the creature veronica wanted to
have sex with the creature once again
but the couple told her not to go there
because last time the creature had hurt
her
the next day when angel was in the field
he texted fabian that he wanted to meet
him
on the other hand
fabian was spending time with veronica
and they became very good friends
veronica told fabian that she's in a
relationship with someone who always
satisfies her but she has no idea if
it's a male or female
actually veronica was talking about the
creature
but fabian found it so strange
he thought that veronica was joking with
him and blushed
the next day angel asked his wife about
her brother
his wife told her that he must be busy
with his work on the other side veronica
asked fabian to go to the old couple's
house
fabian went to their house and met the
creature
and then they had sex with the creature
the creature satisfied him very well
at night veronica fabian angel and ale
went to a club
fabian was so happy but angel was so mad
at him because he was not replying to
his texts
when fabian was in the washroom angel
also went there and tried to kiss him
but fabian stopped him and left
angel was so mad and when he came out of
the washroom he saw that his wife was
dancing with a stud
after seeing this he became angrier and
he started a fight
while going home angel beat his wife for
her unusual behavior
the next day angel went to the hospital
to meet fabian and fabian broke up with
him
angel was so shocked and angry at the
same time
at night angel was so drunk when he came
home
his wife managed him
angel was crying a lot and he told his
wife not to leave him
the next day the police found fabian
near a pond and he was passed out
fabian was found near the old couple's
house
fabian had no clothes on his body and it
seemed like he was badly beaten up
because there were so many scars on his
body
ali cried a lot after seeing her brother
like this
the doctor told her that someone had
tortured him very badly
therefore he's now in a coma
and the doctor has no idea about when he
will come back from the coma
then angel came there and calmed her
down
now angel had turned into a family man
but deep down he was scared that one day
his wife might find out about his
relationship with her brother
the next day when ali went outside the
hospital veronica came to meet her she
asked her about her brother she told her
that his health hasn't changed at all he
is still in a coma
after that ollie told veronica that she
needs to go to her brother's house
therefore veronica took her there by
bike
ali found her brother's phone and she
read all the messages that angel sent
him
angel texted him that if he doesn't go
to him then he will kill him
after seeing this alley realized that
they were in a relationship
and she started to think that maybe
angel tried to kill him because he was
mad at fabian because of their breakup
she wanted to talk to angel about this
but she was scared and that's why she
couldn't talk to him about this
the next day ollie went to the hospital
and the doctor told her that fabian was
a good nurse
all i felt good after hearing this
she filed the case against angel about
her brother
when angel was doing his job the police
went there and arrested him
a worker of the hospital said that he
has seen angel with fabian many times
and last time angel was shouting at him
ali also showed all the text messages
that angel sent to fabian with all the
evidence it was clear to the police that
angel had done this to fabian that's why
they put him in jail
ali was parenting her kids alone
one night veronica came to her house and
she became very good friends with ali
the next day veronica took ale to the
old couple's house
the couple told her that when veronica
was a kid she found this place
accidentally but since then she's been
coming here every day
she also told her that the creature was
immortal and she shouldn't be scared of
him
after that we saw a scene from the
forest and all the animals were having
sex at the same time
the old lady had put sleeping medicine
inside ali's drink
therefore ali passed out and then they
took her to the creature's room
when alley woke up she was so shocked by
the look of the creature
the creature came closer to her and then
had sex with her as well
after coming home ali hugged veronica
because now she was totally satisfied
she asked veronica if her brother also
went to the creature to have sex
veronica said yes
she also asked her if the creature had
done this to her brother
then veronica lied to her and said that
the creature never hurts anyone
veronica went to the old couple and they
told her to stay away from the creature
now veronica wants to go far away from
this place
she told ali that the creature gets
bored by one person and that's why he
always seeks for new people to have sex
with
at first the creature gives pleasure to
his partner but when he gets bored he
hurts his partner
after hearing this ali realized that the
creature had done this to her brother
because he was bored
veronica accepted that she had lied to
her and all i forgave her after that
veronica went too far from this place
one day when ali went to pick up her
kids then the teacher told her that
their grandmother had picked them up
from school
after hearing this she went to angel's
mom and they had a fight with each other
but at last ollie came back with her
kids she went to the creature every day
to have sex
one day olly went to the hospital and
took off his oxygen pipe therefore he
died
she did this because her brother had
cheated on her with her husband
angel's parents were so rich
they took angel out of jail with their
money
angel was so depressed and disappointed
in himself he wanted to commit suicide
but his dad came there and stopped him
on the other hand veronica was on a trip
and she met a man from the trip
they had sex but the man was unable to
satisfy her like the creature
ali was staying in a rented room
angel came to her house and ollie got
scared after seeing him
angel was so mad at her because he
thinks that ali had sex with someone
else when he was in jail
ali told him to leave but angel started
to beat her he pulled out his gun to
kill her but by mistake he pulled the
trigger and the bullet hit his leg he
asked ali to help him
ali took him to the truck and took him
to the old couple's house
when they opened the door they found
veronica's dead body
this means veronica came to that
creature to have sex but the creature
killed her
ali gave away angel to the creature to
kill him and the creature killed angel
very badly after that ali and the
scientists buried their dead bodies in a
big hole in the ground
and there were so many dead bodies on
the ground
all i told them that these bodies are
getting rotten day by day
this means so many people had come here
to have sex with the creature and the
creature killed them
this was the story of this movie where a
meteor fell down on earth and an alien
came out of it
the scientist couple had called the
alien to visit earth there was a big
hole in the ground where the meteor had
landed and we saw that all the animals
who came to the hole were having sex
this means the alien had the power to
make anyone or any animal have sex
the couple hid the alien in their cabin
and one day veronica found this place
and she began to come here to satisfy
herself
the alien had a habit that he would only
have sex with a human for some days and
then he would kill them
veronica was addicted to the alien and
that's why she wanted to have sex with
it all the time
one day the alien got bored and hurt her
but still veronica went to the creature
and the alien killed her
and the same thing happened with fabian
as well
the alien got bored but still fabian
went to the alien again and again
that's why the alien injured him so
badly that he went into a coma
but ollie thought that her husband had
done this to her brother and she sent
him to jail when angel came out of jail
he tried to kill ale but he failed
then ali took him to the alien and the
alien killed him
viewers veronica had the job to give new
humans to the alien to have sex
so many people died because of her
and that's why we saw so many dead
bodies in the hole
to watch more explanations of these
kinds of movies click on the videos on
your screen and don't forget to let me
know how you feel about today's video in
the comments down below
and at last i will say stay safe stay
well
thanks